add visibility to where filter and clarify where text (#6774)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metricflow-commands.md

| [`list dimension-values`](#list-dimension-values) | List dimensions with metrics. | ✅ | ✅ |
| [`list entities`](#list-entities) | Lists all unique entities.  |  ✅  | ✅ |
| [`list saved-queries`](#list-saved-queries) | Lists available saved queries. Use the `--show-exports` flag to display each export listed under a saved query or `--show-parameters` to show the full query parameters each saved query uses. |  ✅ | ✅ |

> | [`query`](#query) | Query metrics, saved queries, and dimensions you want to see in the command line interface. Refer to [query examples](#query-examples) for examples on how use to query metrics and dimensions, like querying metrics, using `where` filter, adding an `order`, and more.  |  ✅ | ✅ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`query`](#query) | Query metrics, saved queries, and dimensions you want to see in the command line interface. Refer to [query examples](#query-examples) to query metrics and dimensions (such as querying metrics, using the `where` filter, adding an `order`, and more).  |  ✅ | ✅ |
```

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

Non-blocker - I changed this sentence a tad. I changed examples to guidance to avoid repetition and just added "to" to the sentence "how use query metrics and dimensions for grammar. 

Kind Regards
Natalie

Author: oh good shout! ok i tweaked it a little and suggested!

| 2017-06-20    |         712.51 |
| 2017-06-21    |         541.65 |
```

> ### Query Dimensions

Author: ```suggestion
### Query dimensions
```

| 2017-06-19    | True            |         448.11 |
```

> ### Add Order/limit

Author: ```suggestion
### Add order/limit
```

| 2017-08-29    | False           |         333.65 |
| 2017-08-28    | False           |         334.73 |
```

### Add where clause

> You can further filter the data set by adding a `where` clause to your query. The following example shows you how to query the `order_total` metric, grouped by `is_food_order` with multiple where statements (orders that are food orders and orders from the week starting on or after Feb 1st, 2024). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further filter the data set by adding a `where` clause to your query. The following example shows you how to query the `order_total` metric, grouped by `is_food_order` with multiple `where` statements (orders that are food orders and orders from the week starting on or after Feb 1st, 2024). 
```

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

I also made "where" (multiple where statements) a code as it threw me off a little when looking at the preview.

Kind Regards
Natalie

| 2017-08-29    | False           |         333.65 |
| 2017-08-28    | False           |         334.73 |
```

### Add where clause

You can further filter the data set by adding a `where` clause to your query. The following example shows you how to query the `order_total` metric, grouped by `is_food_order` with multiple where statements (orders that are food orders and orders from the week starting on or after Feb 1st, 2024). Note that when you query a dimension, you need to specify the primary entity for that dimension. In the following example, the primary entity is `order_id`.

> 

Reviewer 2: One more issue here - the `metric_time__week` part of the filter won't work. Here's what the full where filter should look like:
`--where "{{ Dimension('order_id__is_food_order') }} = True and {{ TimeDimension('metric_time', 'week') }} >= '2024-02-01'"`
